Via… I have feelings for you.
Maybe you’re just confused.
This is better.
So Arkin will realize he
doesn’t actually like me.
Via, you look so beautiful.
Via, can we talk for a moment?
What do you want to talk about?
I never liked you at all.
So, are we good now?
Yeah.
I love you guys, too.
Prom Night!
Our Prom King and Queen,
Larkin Sanchez and Naya Madrigal!
Now my first dance
is with someone else.
What do you want me to do?
Dance with me now.
How am I supposed
to get over this, Via?
I was in the Music club for four years.
And I’ve been playing
music for a long time.
And I’m happy
I got to meet all of you
who love music the way I do.
I hope you learned
something from me.
Even if I’m not that
much of an expert.
You did, right?
I don’t know what path
I’ll take once I leave.
I don’t know if my music
will take me anywhere.
But there’s one thing I’m sure of.
All of you who are staying,
you still have so far to go.
Thank you for the four years,
Music Club.
I love you all.
Yes!
Thank you so much,
Vice President Arkin.
So, time to eat?
- Let’s eat.
- Yes!
Can I have some spaghetti?
Is their spaghetti good?
Hey, I haven’t written
a message on you yet.
Come here.
Are you on a diet?
You?
Okay! Thanks, take care, okay?
Is the spaghetti good?
I’ll eat this.
Hey.
What?
Where am I supposed to write?
I don’t have any space left.
Here. I left this space for you.
- There. Right here.
- Really?
There you go.
Don’t read it yet!
Later.
Done?
My turn?
- Here.
Try the juice.
Write it well, okay?
What are you writing?
Are you scratching something out?
Hey, you’re drawing, aren’t you?
- Wait.
- Kino!
We’ll look at it later.
Huh? Why?
- Are the results out now?
- Yeah.
Let’s check at the same time?
You first.
Okay.
Well, Kino?
Via, I passed. Film.
- Really?
- Yeah.
I told you.
I told you you’d pass.
Congratulations!
So what about you?
Did you pass, too?
Huh? I hope so.
You didn’t?
Via, are you okay?
Huh?
Are you okay?
Yeah, of course.
I’ll study in España Boulevard.
That’s fine.
I’ll be with Luna and Ke.
Yeah.
And it’s not like our future is trapped
in whatever university we get into, right?
Our dreams aren’t
locked to one school.
And I don’t even know
what my dream is yet.
So, it’s okay.
Right.
Can you handle it, Via?
What about you, can you?
Can you handle
not having me around?
Can you handle not being with me?
Of course.
We can still meet after classes, right?
Wow.
You’ve really matured now.
Before, you didn’t want
to be away from me.
And now you can.
Via, I can handle it.
But I didn’t say I wanted to.
But it’s fine, right?
You’ll manage without me?
And it doesn’t mean we’re
not friends anymore, right?
Did you read what
I wrote on your uniform?
Huh?
Oh, not yet.
Not yet.
I love you.
I love you?
You didn’t even
read the whole thing.
There’s more, look. At the back.
Huh?
Where is it?
As a friend.
I didn’t read it, I didn’t notice it.
I thought you scratched something out.
Why is this happening?
I don’t get what I’m feeling.
Am I disappointed?
But why would I even be disappointed?
Via…
Am I important to you?
You’re important to me, Kino.
That’s why I’ll do everything I can
so nothing changes between us.
What’s the first thing you want
to do when you’re in España?
Try not to get lost?
The school’s huge, right?
Here, sweetheart.
Be careful, okay?
You got it?
Here’s another one.
Thank you.
Mira, can you put this in Papa’s room?
Hey!
Your new house is nice.
There are a lot of eateries outside
and even a convenience store.
And it’s so close to your university.
Plus the jeepney terminal
is just around the corner.
Right?
It’s great.
That’s exactly why we moved here.
Remember this?
We just came from their gig.
We were so tired on the way home.
They were so popular back then.
Because of that fame, we lost her.
Huh?
What was that?
Nothing.
I said, are you having dinner here?
Sure.
But I probably
won’t sleep here later
because Mom and I still aren’t
done moving my stuff to the condo.
Oh yeah, right.
If you want, I can help you
sort your things tomorrow.
If that’s okay with you
and you’re not busy.
Thank you in advance.
Oh, right. Let me get
your things downstairs.
Okay.
Sweetheart.
Pa.
Your aunt called.
She said she’ll cover your tuition
as long as you work for her
after you graduate.
Really?
Where is she again, Pa?
Spain, right?
- Yeah.
- And architecture too?
Yeah.
Okay, Pa.
- All right.
- Well, whatever can make things easier
and help me graduate.
Okay, I’ll tell your aunt.
She’s really excited for you
to take architecture.
And you know, working abroad
is a great opportunity.
Okay, I’ll let your aunt know.
All right.
Maybe I should buy a new guitar.
No. I don’t need it anyway.
Mom’s acquaintance who’s a talent manager
wants me to join a workshop.
They saw my performance video
from high school where I was singing.
And I think they want me to try being
an actor or something, my god.
Really?
Mhmm.
Yeah. Are you going for it?
I don’t want to.
I just started college.
Yeah.
Just focus on your studies first.
Of course.
There!
It’s a little cleaner now.
Thank you, Via.
You’re welcome, Kino.
Just don’t be too messy.
Don’t leave stuff everywhere.
I brought three trash bins.
So you won’t just leave
your trash lying around.
And here.
I saw this, Auntie labelled your utensils.
Sort them properly and wash them.
And your used plates,
don’t leave them in the sink.
You really need to learn to cook
so you won’t keep buying food
outside or ordering delivery, okay?
Yes, Mom.
And your bed is good now.
It has bedsheets, you can sleep on it.
But I’m sleeping at
your place tonight, okay?
Huh?
We have class tomorrow.
It’s fine.
My first class is at 10:00 AM.
So I can still leave early with you.
And
I probably won’t get to sleep at your
place as often anymore, so just let me.
Fine, okay. But I’m going home first
because I have to run an errand.
I need to buy something for Mira.
Okay, take care. I’ll follow right away.
All right.
- I’ll go ahead.
- Thank you.
Bye.
Bye-bye!
I think that’s Via,
let’s take a look.
Via!
Oh.
- Pres?
- How are you?
I’m all right. You guys?
You’re here in Manila?
Yeah.
Where are you now?
Oh, I visited Kino today.
He studies here,
but I’m in España!
You know, we’re actually
headed to that area.
We can give you a ride.
Oh no, Pres. It’s all right.
- No, thank you.
- We’ll take you.
What do you think, Haze?
Let’s give her a ride.
Haze,
come on.
Sure.
Okay?
Come on, we’ll take you.
Come on, let’s go.
Okay.
It’s just along the way.
Don’t worry about it.
You’re a friend.
Let’s go.
Get inside.
All right. Thank you.
Okay. Goods. Yup.
All right.
You all right there, Via?
Yeah. Thank you.
The traffic is so bad.
The app said this is the fastest route.
- This is so embarrassing!
- But it was barely moving.
Why did I even confess before?
What was I thinking?
I like you.
Thank you, Via.
Want some churros?
Where did I even get the guts to do that?
I hope Pres has erased
that from his memory.
But it’s all right.
So I can spend more time with you.
Eyes on the road,
eyes on the road.
Okay.
No, but you know earlier—
Guys, help! I suddenly
ended up in a car with Pres.
I wish someone would give me rides too.
- This is my dream car, look.
- Tell him to buy churros.
A sports car?
Where are you, Via?
Do you still like him? This is
your chance. Try small talk!
I’ll give you a ride in something
like this too someday.
Let’s see. I hope so.
Why? Does it hurt?
Let me see.
It’s just a bit strained.
All right.
I told you not to overwork yourself.
Okay?
Much better.
Via, are you all right there?
Yes, Pres. I’m all right.
Thank you.
Just tell me if you
need anything, okay?
What about me? Aren’t you
going to ask if I’m okay, too?
Seriously. Here. All better?
There. That’s fine.
I turned out to be the third wheel.
We’ve been here once before, I remember.
It’s so awkward!
Are you nervous?
Huh?
Why would I be nervous?
You always sleep here.
I mean about your new school.
Yeah, of course I’m nervous.
But it helps a lot that
I’m blockmates with Luna and Ke.
At least I know I’ll be okay.
Don’t take this off, okay?
I’m your only best friend.
Of course.
You’ve always been the only one.
I’ll miss us going to school
together every day.
And you, packing lunch for me too.
Really?
Then I’ll pack your lunch tomorrow.
- Really?
- Yeah.
Oh!
Earlier, I ran into Pres
and he gave me a ride.
You saw each other?
He came home to Manila?
So that’s why you went home early.
Oh, come on.
I just saw him, he offered
to take me home, that’s it.
I was actually really awkward earlier.
What was that?
Go to sleep. You have
an early day tomorrow.
Oh, come on.
Now what?
You’re sulking, aren’t you?
You’re really something,
getting all sulky.
Hey.
Stop squeezing in my space.
I’m about to fall!
I’ll catch you.
Move over, it’s hot!
Wow, you get sulky fast
and you fall asleep fast too?
Hey.
Kino?
Aren’t you going to say good night to me?
Pretending to sleep without
saying good night?
Go over there!
Fine.
Good night, Via.
Good night, Kino.
Kino, come on, we have to go.
We’re not schoolmates anymore.
It hurts my heart.
Wow, here he goes again.
Mister Dramatic.
What’s wrong with your hair?
Come here, I’ll fix it.
All good?
There.
Oh!
Here’s your packed lunch.
Thank you.
Wait, mirror selfie first.
It’s our first day of college
and we’re not in the same
uniform anymore.
Come on.
Let’s look serious and mysterious.
- You? Mysterious?
- Wacky shot!
Okay. Now we’re not going
to the same school anymore,
so we’re not taking the
same jeep. You better take care.
I’ll wait until you get on.
No, you don’t have to. You might get
stuck in traffic near Katipunan. Go ahead.
Via, I’m getting on the next one.
No. It’s all right.
I can manage.
Do well on your first day, all right?
You can make friends, just as
long as I’m your only best friend, okay?
Yes, sir.
Go on, get in. Take care!
Bye-bye.
Be good, okay?
Don’t get into fights.
Bye-bye.
What’s this?
Why does it suddenly feel so quiet?
It actually feels kind of sad.
First day of school!
What? Via, why are you with him?
He’s from a rival school.
KE AND I ARE ON OUR WAY!
You’re so loud, Luna.
Do you really have to scream in the chat?
OMG. You guys are cute!
Good luck on your first day!
Be good during the first week.
No cutting class, okay!
Thank you, guys.
I’m so excited.
This place is beautiful. But—
I don’t get it.
Where is the TBC room?
TBC room?
That’s “to be confirmed”.
Oh, come on, I’m kidding!
Let’s just find someone to ask.
The thing is,
there’s no one here to ask.
Are you kids lost?
- Sevi!
Welcome to college! I missed you guys.
Oh my god, thank goodness
our savior finally arrived.
Yeah, Sevi,
our room is still TBC.
Can you help us?
- Yeah, we’re going to be late.
- Where can we even ask?
Why didn’t you just message me?
Come on, let’s go to the
Admin Office. Follow me.
- Wow.
Sevi is acting like a
responsible student now.
- It’s all fake though!
- We’re going to be late!
Thank you.
I’m sorry.
Kino!
Oh, Via!
Have you been waiting long?
I just got here.
Where are Ke and Luna?
They’re still inside.
Our blockmates invited us to hang out.
Oh no, sorry you didn’t get
to join because of me.
What?
No! I was with
them the whole time.
And my social battery’s drained anyway.
We’ve been talking non-stop all day.
And isn’t dismissal time, our time?
Via, let’s try to meet up often, please.
It’s only the first day and
I already miss you.
Oh wow, his clinginess
is acting up again.
I thought you’ve matured already?
So, you don’t want to see me often?
I do!
Does that mean you miss me too?
Let’s try to see each other
more often, okay?
Come on.
So you do miss me, huh?
Via!
Kino.
How’s it going?
I’m all right. You tired?
The teacher took forever to dismiss us.
How was class?
Tiring too.
Do you have a lot of friends?
Yeah. Luna and Ke.
Do you have a new best friend?
- Oh, no.
- No…
- That’s good.
- None.
Have you eaten?
Fishball? There’s no—
There’s no kikiam left!
The kikiam was really good.
I know it’s your favorite,
but there’s none left.
What should I do?
Sir, can I have some kikiam?
There’s none.
How’s school?
It’s all right.
At our school—
Yeah?
So many people look at me.
It’s true.
And then?
Of course, I walk around like a cool guy.
Oh.
Hey. Who’s that?
- New person—
- You’re hungry. Just eat.
You’re just hungry.
Eat first.
Later.
Come on.
Later
One more. It’s a train.
You know, the food
here is delicious.
Look, there are fried
noodles there. It’s cooked so well.
They also have fishballs and kikiam.
- They also have squidballs.
- Yeah?
They also have that small one,
the tiny kwek-kwek.
Really?
They also have the big kwek-kwek.
That’s my favorite in the morning when—
- Here it is!
- It’s here.
Be careful.
I can’t do this anymore.
Why did I even take architecture?
I don’t know if anything
I’m doing is right.
I don’t know if any of this looks good.
What the heck?
Let me see.
It looks good, though.
It’s really clean.
You’re really talented, Via.
That’s why I look up to you.
You…
You always overpraise me.
Sometimes I don’t even know
if I should believe you.
It starts to sound unbelievable.
You know—
What is it?
Luna has a new boyfriend.
Drix. They’ve only been together for
two weeks. She met him on a dating app.
Really? Does Sevi know?
I don’t think that relationship
is even serious.
That guy’s probably sulking
somewhere already.
I don’t know why Luna can’t see it.
And if she’s going to pick
someone talkative,
why not Sevi?
Sevi’s right there, isn’t he?
You know, I feel like Luna
suits guys who are a bit mysterious,
a bit serious.
Of course, don’t tell Sevi, okay?
Kino,
do you like anyone in your college?
No.
I don’t like any of them.
You?
I’m asking you. Do you like
anyone at your school yet?
Hey. Why are you avoiding my gaze?
You like someone, don’t you?
Who?
- No one.
- Well?
No one.
Geez.
What’s your type, Via? Are they—
Still like Pres, that kind?
How about now?
Do I fit your type now?
You know what—
Papa gave me money
to celebrate my 18th birthday.
I told him not to bother,
but he insisted.
Then Sam
knows a restaurant,
a bistro we could eat at.
Are you free?
Of course. Definitely.
It’s your birthday.
It’s your debut, and I can’t
miss out on your 18 roses.
- 18 roses?
- Yeah.
No way, no 18 roses.
We’ll just eat,
there’s no program.
All right, fine. I’ll go. I promise.
I’ll make it.
Okay.
Sam!
Happy birthday!
Thank you.
Welcome to the legal age.
Thanks.
How are you?
I didn’t know I was wearing this.
I must have picked
the wrong necklace.
No. The ring looks nice.
You know what,
these are all for you.
Hope you like them.
They’re your favorites.
Thank you. This is so nice.
Via!
Happy birthday!
- Happy birthday.
- Happy birthday, Via.
- You’re officially legal.
- Thank you.
Thanks. Thank you.
We can start drinking later.
Via!
Happy birthday!
So, where are we drinking?
Hey, we’ll talk about it later.
- It’s still too early.
- Seriously?
Let’s eat first.
That pizza is so good!
Are you hurt?
Oh no!
It’s just a hickey.
No need to worry.
- Oh my.
- Oh.
All right. It’s here.
- Here it is.
- Hope you like it.
- Happy, happy birthday!
- Make a wish, make a wish.
Come on, everyone,
let’s all sit down.
Thanks, Yanna.
Let’s eat, everybody.
- Where could Kino be?
- Thanks, Sev.
Okay. Pass.
Where is Kino anyway?
Maybe he messaged you.
Via! I’m sorry,
we’re still shooting at school.
Looks like I won’t make it.
Really sorry. I’ll just come by later.
Tell everyone, I’m sorry!
It’s all right. Take care there.
Where’s Kino?
He won’t be able to follow.
He’s not done yet, still at the shoot.
Another shoot?
Is it a commercial now?
Wow! Arkin is already modeling?
Yeah. I saw him doing a
photoshoot for a perfume brand.
Wait.
I’ll look it up.
See!
Let me see.
Wow.
Look at that.
In fairness, they’re
all positive comments.
You know, we should
have him treat us.
Your best friend is really
living the celebrity life.
Big time!
Arkin should treat us.
Let’s eat, guys.
Eat up, Yanna.
You, eat too. It’s your birthday.
- Here.
- Thanks.
This is good.
So good! Is this
your favorite flavor?
It’s delicious.
Good thing Sam chose this.
Hold on, Sevi.
Go ahead.
Thank you.
Yanna.
Is that good?
Sir, another beer for my friend.
Since you’re legal now,
you can drink.
Cheers!
This doesn’t taste good.
You’ll get used to it.
That’s just how it is at first.
You didn’t know about
Arkin’s photoshoot, did you?
I saw how you looked earlier.
I was just wondering,
why didn’t he tell me?
He didn’t tell me anything.
Does he already have another
best friend he shares things with?
Maybe he has his reasons.
And maybe he thought
it wasn’t that important to tell you.
And it’s normal, right?
To make new friends?
Even Sam has tons
of different friend groups.
I get it. Sometimes it makes you jealous.
But of course, we can’t stop them.
Because that would be selfish.
Maybe I am selfish
when it comes to him.
But I honestly don’t understand why.
I wasn’t like this before.
Before, I even preferred
that he had other friends
so he wouldn’t always depend on me.
So he wouldn’t always rely on me
or follow me around.
But now?
I don’t know. I don’t
understand myself either.
I’m so stupid.
You’re not stupid.
You just like the guy.
Should we just drink?
That’s good stuff.
Yeah, maybe I really do like Kino.
I don’t like this.
- Via’s here.
- Via’s here!
- Via is here.
- She’s here?
She’s here.
Wait a minute.
- Happy birthday!
You surprised me.
You didn’t want a debut, right?
So it’s just the three of us, Arkin,
Aidan, and me, for your 18 roses.
- That’s right.
- But—
we each only have one rose.
♪ Happy, happy birthday! ♪
♪ Happy, happy, happy, birthday. ♪
Thank you!
Oh no, I had a drink.
Papa might smell my breath
Are you all right?
Aren’t you happy?
Your turn Aidan, hurry.
Happy birthday, Via.
Love you, Via.
Love you!
My turn, my turn.
It’s my turn.
Happy Birthday.
Thank you.
You’re not stupid.
You just like the guy.
I don’t want to dance anymore.
This is fine.
The music is so corny.
Don’t be a killjoy.
We prepared this.
Look, there are candles
and even a cake.
Papa, thank you.
There are even balloons.
Let’s eat.
The kids want to eat already.
All right, come on.
Come on, guys.
- There’s cake!
- Wait a minute.
There’s cake.
This is for you.
Eat first.
Be careful.
Thanks, son.
Want some of this?
There you go!
Via, are you mad?
I’m sorry.
Well, I really wanted to go,
but Papa was so persistent.
He said he wanted to surprise you.
Hey. I’m sorry, don’t be mad.
Liar.
I didn’t want to lie,
but it was supposed to be a surprise.
You weren’t supposed to know—
And your photoshoot?
I wasn’t supposed to
know about that, either?
Was that a surprise for me, too?
I’m sorry, Via.
I just went along with Mama’s friend,
and I needed the money to—
to buy this.
What’s this?
Kino…
This is expensive.
It’s for you.
I’m sorry, okay?
I won’t do that job anymore.
And I won’t ever not tell you
something again.
Kino, it’s all right.
I can never really get mad at you.
But, Kino,
don’t ever do that again, okay?
I want you to tell me everything.
I want to know everything about you,
all your achievements,
everything you do.
And
thank you so much for this.
I really appreciate it.
Let’s go to sleep.
Wait. Hold on, hold on.
I want you to listen to this.
Just put it there.
Listen to this.
I wrote it.
Let’s start.
♪ Left thinking in the
midst of the chaos, ♪
♪ utterly bewildered by these feelings. ♪
♪ It’s out of tune. ♪
♪ I can't tell if this is a dream, ♪
♪ as if my heart was
playing in the heavens. ♪
That’s as far as I’ve gotten.
I don’t know what to write next.
How is it? Is it okay?
It’s good.
Even the lyrics are nice.
What’s it for?
I just wanted to try writing a song.
I got inspired by my friend.
He wanted to confess his feelings
but couldn’t because they’re friends.
So I just wrote down
what he wanted to say.
That seems familiar.
Is it Sevi?
He wants to confess to Luna?
What did he say?
Know what, I’ll just sing it to you
again since it’s your birthday.
What did he say—
- I’ve been telling Sevi for a long time.
- Remember what I sang back in high school?
♪ I dare not wish for more than this ♪
♪ Your joy alone fills
my world with bliss ♪
♪ Oh, my princess, hear my plea ♪
Arkin’s voice is really beautiful.
He’s so talented.
That’s why I know he really
has the potential
to be a singer,
to be a celebrity.
And I want to support him,
but I’m scared that
once he enters tha t world,
I might lose my place in his life.
That he’ll enjoy all the attention so much
that he’ll forget the people around him.
I know it’s selfish.
But I’ve seen this happen before.
I’m sorry, guys, but the management
has already made a decision.
So what, you just give up like that?
When we were making
a lot of money,
you wooed us so much to stay!
But now, you’re just gonna
give up on us like this?
Is this all just about money now?
Please.
I’m working on a new song.
I’ll make sure it
becomes a hit. Please.
I’m sorry, guys,
but my hands are tied.
I didn’t want this to happen either.
Allie,
I can’t let this band disappear.
♪ Your smile brightens up my day,
with you by my side. ♪
♪ Find my way… ♪
♪ Find my way in your arms. ♪
Mama.
Didn’t I tell you not to bother
me when I’m writing?
I’ll deal with that later.
Ivy, try to understand.
Then fine, leave the band.
Go solo!
Let’s see what you can
even do on your own.
You can’t even write songs.
That’s really harsh, Ivy.
How am I supposed to be happy
if you’re going to abandon us?
I’m just telling you that I got an offer.
I won’t accept it if you
guys don’t want me to!
I’m only saying it might help us.
It can give us connections with other
labels after so many years!
You’re nothing without me.
Allie, please.
Don’t leave.
I’m writing a song, aren’t I?
We’ll become popular again. I promise!
Via?
What if I told you—
I love you.
Of course, you love me.
We’re friends, right?
Maybe you’re right.
Kino?
Are you already asleep?
I want to keep you all to myself.
Clea looked so beautiful in her
photoshoot for The A-List Magazine.
- Have you seen it?
- Hey!
- Yeah, right. That’s why—
- Oh, hi!
That’s why her pics are trending.
- and also—
- Oh my gosh.
Her face is all over my feed.
Girl, I seriously have a girl
crush on this person.
- Who?
- Clea.
What? You don’t know
Clea Zorel Aguilar?
Via, where do you even live?
She’s so beautiful.
- Yeah, she’s really pretty.
- She’s definitely my girl crush.
Via, that’s the former child star.
We’re basically the same age.
But she’s super famous now.
In fairness, she’s got talent too.
She’s really good at acting.
Even as a kid, she had so
many acting awards.
And her mom’s famous too.
So she’s been exposed
to the spotlight from the start.
But what must it feel like?
Being famous since you were a kid.
Isn’t that kind of stressful?
- But it seems fun too.
- Let me see.
- She’s so pretty.
- Gorgeous, right?
Look at her.
She doesn’t know her, though.
But she’s beautiful.
Her face is so smooth.
Being famous isn’t always fun.
Life in the spotlight is hard,
especially if you’ve gotten used to it.
What if it suddenly disappeared?
It could ruin not just your
family, but yourself, too.
Stunning face card, girl!
I’d be so shameless with a face like that.
- Why doesn’t she know—
- She doesn’t seem to have pores at all.
Right!
She's busy.
She's really beautiful.
Look at this.
Via! Hey, are you sleeping
over at my condo later?
Sure. I’ll come straight over after class.
Via, sorry, I’m finishing something.
I might get home a little late.
Just hang out there for now.
There’s food in the fridge
if you get hungry.
Via! Hi!
Auntie, you’re here.
Yeah, I just came by to drop this off.
It’s because Arkin was
texting me at midnight
saying he didn’t have groceries
because he didn’t have time.
Yes, he seems super busy right now.
He might get home late too.
Yeah, he’s at a workshop now.
A workshop?
Acting workshop.
Oh, you didn’t know?
He accepted my friend’s offer.
So now he’s starting his acting
workshop at Cloud Entertainment.
You know, it’s a big agency, so
this is a huge opportunity for him.
Super exciting!
Right. Since when?
For a while now.
Like during your first-year break.
That’s when his workshop started.
He didn’t tell you?
Maybe he just forgot, Auntie.
Maybe. Anyway,
just congratulate him and tease
him to buy you a treat
when he gets a project, all right?
- Wait—
- All right.
Wait. I have to go.
Can you handle this?
- Yes, I’ll handle it.
- All right.
- Take care.
- I’ll see you.
Take care.
- Bye!
- Take care.
Via, I brought pizza.
Via?
What happened to you?
Why?
Why didn’t you tell me?
You’ll leave me, too.
I want to keep you all to myself.
I want to take a chance, Via.
I like you.
Do you have a lot of scenes?
Actually, I got more scenes
because the director seems to like me.
- Wow.
- You’re famous now!
Just don’t forget to take
care of yourself, okay?
Yes, Pa.
You did a lot of designs already, right?
I don’t even know what I really want.
I don’t even have a dream project yet.
Don’t worry. It will come.
Yeah.
By the way, where’s Arkin?
He hasn’t been showing up.
He’s busy.
How’s your class?
I don’t have class today.
It’s tomorrow.
Perfect timing, huh?
Acting really suits you.